Add short info about scheduling in Jobs guide (#381)
logicalclocks/logicalclocks.github.io: docs/user_guides/projects/jobs/spark_job.md

- Apache Spark

Launching a job of any type is very similar process, what mostly differs between job types is

> the various configuration parameters each job type comes with. Hopsworks clusters support schedyuling to run jobs on a regular basis,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the various configuration parameters each job type comes with. Hopsworks support scheduling to run jobs on a regular basis,
```
